what's up guys pivot back here coming at
you with a tutorial on how to turn the
power and also how to build a slug of
fire he that's the one we're done in
this game type which is die rise from
the revolution map pack and black ops 2
zombies it's a sweet map it's super big
it's super fun anyway guys you're going
to jump into here and you're going to
get all of your party members into here
and it the elevator will just start to
crash down and then pretty much you're
just going to run to the end of this
hallway and then you are going to jump
off onto this thing and then you're
going to look you're going to open up
this door right here run straight
forward and there's the power going to
turn that on and then for one wonder gun
part it's usually around here in the
sweatshop kind of area I just look
around there and you might find it also
looking here it could be anywhere around
any of these areas that I'm looking
around right now could be back over here
it could also be back in this little
area and anyway then what you're going
to do is you run through the hallways on
this path that I show you and then
you're going to run down and you're
going to pick this part up right here
and then you're going to clear those
d'bries once again two points and then
that's that's the part that I was
looking forward is right there and
you're going to add that part and then
you're going to go get that other part
and you're going to add that once I kill
the sum you're going to add that part to
there and then you're going to look
around for the other parts usually the
main part right there is right there
there's another part right there usually
and you know add that to the table the
workshop table and then the last one is
scattered around sometimes it's
sometimes from there usually it's right
here but sometimes it's not it's kind of
like a little handle and your to put
that on there and then you're going to
pick up your liquefier sliquifier and
you're going to shoot it at zombies is a
one hit one kill and it shoots like this
purple liquid that's like slippery right
here as you can see it's really a gun
guys Roman it that like one that
comma button and subscribe 1 pitch you
guys later peace out